Patrick Ceresna: Good morning and welcome to your where's the trade? It's the macro road back map Monday for May 19th, 2025. I'm Patrick Ceresna and again apologize the for the late release of today's macro outlook. We had technical issues but I'll give everyone a quick rundown of what's going on here right now and, and what you need to know.

Patrick Ceresna: So let's size up everything this morning by just summarizing that this market ripped basically 800s and P Point 16% in 25 days. We basically had this huge bull impulse on the upside that more or less at this stage is on the short term quite overbought. Now that doesn't mean that it's going to be a bear decline of right back to the lows but the rallies pause.

Patrick Ceresna: So imagine what I want to basically highlight is let's go through the bull run of 2024 and notice that when the after this surge higher the market was let's say 300s and P points above its 50 day moving average. And then what basically happened in the next month it just traded sideways.

Patrick Ceresna: The point that I'm trying to highlight is whether you, whichever one of these market surges we're talking about, once you the elastic band gets stretched. Imagine an elastic band between your fingers and it gets stretched as you pull your hands apart. At some point there's going to be resistance to go higher and the elastic urges you to kind of correct back in.

Patrick Ceresna: And so we have a scenario where the market has gone a little too far too quickly and there's going to be a pause. And what I would expect is a market correction at some point that is going to do a small fiber trace of the last advance. So it could be as deep as 5,700, it could be a shorter one that stops around around let's say 5,700 and a half.

Patrick Ceresna: Members should be expecting a solid 100 to 200 S&P point pause and reversion without it being the beginning of a brand new breakdown. I still think that the most likely course for the rest of May going into June is the market pauses, advances back to the highs. And this is where we end up seeing some sort of a topping formation going into June, July, some sort of catalyst emerges then that basically sees the market once again resume a sell cycle. 